Update the spec according to the feedback (#78)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-external-debug-security: appendix.adoc

[[extdbg]]
image::external_debug_dm.png[title="The debug security control",align="center"]

> When the external debugger is using `dcsr.step` to step over an instruction that affects a trap, the security control logic must check that the resulting privilege level is debuggable (see <<dbgpriv>>). If so, the hart will enter Debug Mode before the first instruction in the trap handler executes. If not, Debug Mode entry will remain pending until the hart returns to a debuggable privilege level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the external debugger steps through an instruction that triggers a transition to a higher privilege level, hardware must verify against debug capability according to <<dbgpriv>> before entering Debug Mode. If debugging is permitted, the hart re-enters Debug Mode after executing the instruction. Otherwise, the hart continues executing with the pending single step request until it becomes debuggable and can re-enter Debug Mode.
```

> When the external debugger is stepping through an instruction via `dcsr.step` that triggers a transition to a higher privilege level, the security control logic must verify against debug capability according to <<dbgpriv>> before entering Debug Mode. If debugging is permitted, the hart re-enters Debug Mode after executing the instruction. Otherwise, the hart continues executing with the pending single step request until it becomes debuggable and can re-enter Debug Mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the external debugger is stepping through an instruction via `dcsr.step` that triggers a transition to a higher privilege level, the security control logic must verify against debug capability according to <<dbgpriv>> before entering Debug Mode. If external debug is allowed, the hart re-enters Debug Mode after executing the instruction. Otherwise, the hart continues executing with the pending single step request until it becomes debuggable and can re-enter Debug Mode. 
```

> When the external debugger is stepping through an instruction via `dcsr.step` that triggers a transition to a higher privilege level, the security control logic must verify against debug capability according to <<dbgpriv>> before entering Debug Mode. If external debug is allowed, the hart re-enters Debug Mode after executing the instruction. Otherwise, the hart continues executing with the pending single step request until it becomes debuggable and can re-enter Debug Mode. 

Author: accepted in latest commit

> When the external debugger is stepping through an instruction via `dcsr.step` that triggers a transition to a higher privilege level, the security control logic must verify against debug capability according to <<dbgpriv>> before entering Debug Mode. If external debug is allowed, the hart re-enters Debug Mode after executing the instruction. Otherwise, the hart continues executing with the pending single step request until it becomes debuggable and can re-enter Debug Mode. 

Author: Roll back the description "affects a trap" to "triggers a transition to a higher privilege level" to be straightforward.

> When the external debugger is stepping through an instruction via `dcsr.step` that triggers a transition to a higher privilege level, the security control logic must verify against debug capability according to <<dbgpriv>> before entering Debug Mode. If debugging is permitted, the hart re-enters Debug Mode after executing the instruction. Otherwise, the hart continues executing with the pending single step request until it becomes debuggable and can re-enter Debug Mode. In scenarios where multiple supervisor domains are debuggable, the secure monitor in M-mode may switch the context during single stepping. In such cases, the debugger might stop in a different application than the original one. Users of the debugger should be mindful of this possibility.

Reviewer: > In scenarios where multiple supervisor domains are debuggable, the secure monitor in M-mode may switch the context during single stepping. In such cases, the debugger might stop in a different application than the original one. Users of the debugger should be mindful of this possibility.

Delete?

Author: Sure, deleted.
